 according to a four-year statistics, the eight.8<unk> of the eight men, who had to be paid by property, are the eight.
 it would be possible if the provisions of the convention shall be incorporated into the legal norms relating to article 4.
 as a result of domestic and external demand, the performance of economic performance during the 1 quarter of 1993.
 the department of peacekeeping operations accepted that recommendation and indicated that the candidates should be included in the recruitment of the candidates.
 the 1 step in the 2 phase of phase ii requires the establishment of equivalent grades as a basis for remuneration.
 according to the gradual development of china's tourism market, there is an analysis of the prices priced in these districts may continue to rise.
 as a matter of fact, the current vacancy rate of the shopping centre and street market stalls has reached 5 years.
 it is the most difficult to predict that peace-keeping is the most difficult to predict, as the assumptions set out in the year's assumptions are likely to be significant.
 it is important to take into account the intentions of the country, rather than the form of a instrument.
 a spokesman for the israeli occupying forces said that the occupying forces had stayed very long.
 we are of the view that such action would not be sorry if it is open and transparent.
 this is extremely useful for member states to understand the complexity of the issues dealt with by the court.
 in january 1996, the namibian family family association has now become a major non-governmental organization for reproductive health.
 states parties are most suitable for the most critical health issues affecting women in the country.
 it exercises the power of international treaties, and therefore, legally and in fact, it is a subject of international law.
 although the current activities are still limited, the scale of space activities is expected to expand.
 it is therefore necessary to conduct an investigation and look for the facts.
 there is a need for adequate and predictable resources.
 the international community should be allowed to realize that the international community is the united nations council's decision and action.
 parents are unable to hand away from their responsibilities to schools and teachers.
 " we are now happy to see the results of one country, two systems and hong kong people enjoy the fruits of the system.
 on the list of speakers today, the representative of malaysia, on behalf of the group of 21, will speak on behalf of the group of 21.
 the government understands that the hos plan must be avoided and privately competed with private property market and to maintain the two targets.
 we explore the strengthening of the strengthening of the united nations as a guide to guidance with the relevant countries concerned.
 in accordance with the provisions of annex i to the basic law, the 2 term chief executive shall be elected by an election committee.
 if a person is concerned, the person must pay at least to prevent the use of the installation of the installation.
 it has also set up the international e-commerce network throughout the country and was held in october 1998.
 the real estate growth rate of the gross domestic product in 1996 decreased to 5.0<unk> to 5.0<unk>.
 following the first visit to china for the first visit to china, she will visit hong kong in october this year.
 the government of chile made a strong protest against the people's republic of china on 8 june 1996.
 as stated in paragraph 18 above, the panel finds that the claim for the military component of the military volunteers is not compensable.
 the decision shall be made by the president of the general assembly with the chairman of the regional group.
 the long-standing problems between the two countries and the government of the republic of belarus to the government of the republic of belarus could not respond quickly to the organization.
 member of the delegation of india to the united states world trade organization ( world trade organization) member of the united states and the united states.
 the warmth of the warmth of the warmth of the warmth <unk> university of hong kong.
 however, the committee pointed out that the services of the state are not good.
 article 54 of the constitution referred to the establishment of an education system, which would establish the necessary institutions and services.
 a spokesman for the treasury said today (december 30) that it would be hoped that the use of the internet should be registered on the internet.
 mr tsang was grateful to the department of marine marine department and other interested parties to assist in the construction of the team.
 okay, let's continue to look at other newss.
 at the same time, a number of solutions on these groups require a number of preconditions.
 on the morning of the 8, a tropical cyclone warning was gradually returned to normal.
 this was partly due to the draft convention on the draft convention on the law of the united nations convention on the law of the sea.
 therefore, we believe that the indonesian authorities would like to resolve these problems.
 official languages of the conference include english, russian-speaking, french, spanish and spanish this year, this year.
 in the transactions of domestic and local financial institutions, there are 16 per cent of the respective respective local financial institutions and local financial institutions.
 " in the long run, we are planning to construct more multi-storey singletons to build more multi-storey singletons.
 it is essential to seek a need for results, which would be feasible in the future.
 the culprit was subsequently arrested and sentenced to theft.
 concern was expressed about the lack of donor fatigue disorders in the region.
 the prosecutor has filed a ruling on this matter and therefore the chamber was transferred to france.
 the trend towards the economic slowdown in these countries is deeply concerned about the economic progress and maintenance of social stability.
 the week is one, and 7 days.
 we have entered the world through the united nations, through the united nations, with mutual interaction between north and south.
 thirdly, special emphasis was placed on the implementation of local, corporate and public participation in sustainable development strategies.
 the united nations can play a key role in order to promote ict efforts to promote the development of the developing countries.
 he told him, " it will not be possible to understand the sword, " he said.
 (15) an international perspective in both words and thinking.
 there have been 2 months since the terrorist attacks on 11 september.
 china's ministry of agriculture and ministry of agriculture said china's national defense control measure was quite effective.
 chile agreed that the preventive deployment of the united nations peacekeeping force would be able to prevent the errors of violent conflicts.
 however, at this critical juncture, the coalition against terror must be clearly recognized and recognition of their enemy.
 i very much hope that the administration can respond to a dialogue with different voices with different voices.
 a spokesperson on behalf of the african group, commended for the efforts made by unifem for the response of the response evaluation.
 the chinese government intends to make a final plan early next year, with 13 coal bases in the country.
 at the end of the break-up to the tide of keelung river, it's just over the past 10 years.
 as part of the day-to-day monitoring work, the hkma will continue to monitor closely the credit card operations.
 in our country, the arab language is the 2 largest official language.
 university leaders and teachers.
 credentials shall be issued by the heads of state or government or government or by the minister for foreign affairs.
 the content of the contents of the contents of the contents of the contents of the contents of the contents of the contents of the contents of the contents of the contents of the contents.
 the vast majority of member states have demonstrated the tendency to increase the council's permanent and non-permanent members.
 customers can be sold in the first six months after the issuance of the special stamps release.
 as mr wong wing-ping, the secretary for education and manpower, mr joseph lai, visited the secretary for education, and other officials and ed officials.
 in 1971, the hong kong-miligian relationship was founded in the community.
 it is not easy for the determination of electors and electoral campaigns to determine the extent of which the judges may have to be.
 the united nations members of the united nations were deeply regretful about the nuclear tests carried out by france to resume nuclear tests in the pacific.
 the age of age is 15 years old.
 service fee is $ 20 each. "
 the bulldozers, in many cases, have been set up in many cases.
 these actions can be a police force, armed forces, armed forces, security forces, law enforcement officials and the public and the public.
 as a matter of fact, i would like to go to the relevant members of the european parliament.
 at present, there has been a rapid change in the concept of national sovereignty, national security, national security and the maintenance of the concept of implementation.
 such a means to identify genuine responsibilities in the context of space objects to space objects.
 at the 1st meeting, on 14 january, a statement was made by the co-chairmen of the co-chaire (pakistan).
 the committee affirms the need to strengthen the process of process-building processes, consolidate the rule of law, democracy and civil society.
 the conference urged the conference on disarmament to agree on a programme of work, including the establishment of such a body.
 the bakers and residences were destroyed by the palestinian people.
 the language structure is more consistent, and the content of the text is more consistent.
 the high prices of high-risk housing prices, not only the people of the people, also gave high priority to government authorities and experts.
 he may not speak at a time when he may have to wait for a halt.
 we cannot be able to hear the valuable views of academic scholars who have professional knowledge about politics.
 as the saying goes, " it is still not wrong. "
 the vast majority of the national party, which is expected to be confirmed, is expected to be speeded up in the new millennium.
 after the tin's former palace, the light of the lights, such as " winds ".
 in the mainland, the mainland is open to taiwan to taiwan.
 the most common aspect of the functionality of the functionality of the functionality of nature is the zone of navigation and the exclusive economic zone of the zone.
 the spokesman reminded members of the public to make a report to the police as soon as possible.
 the director-general of the world-class organization officially elected director-general on november 11 last year and became the first one in the united nations specialized agencies.
 the executive board may wish to take note of the report.
 in the absence of international conventions, there is no international convention on extradition of domestic law.
 the universal declaration adopted by the general assembly of the general assembly of the general assembly on 10 december 1948.
 the committee commends the universal protection of human rights in the republic of slovenia, in particular the human rights of women.
 er, on this, there was no darkness in the world.
 the non-discrimination principle is therefore a constitutional principle.
 we are celebrating the historic process of a historical process, and the process is very uncertain and in the process of multiple political difficulties.
 since the government gazetted on the internet, the printer's web pages from april 6 to november rose to nearly 60000.
 this situation does not appear in the case in the case or in the present case.
 the state party may wish to address the issue in the near future.
 the results of the commission's work must depend on the ability of its members and the work of the commission.
 the letter of authorized letter must be signed by the original school.
 the current contract has been signed, the working group and the provision of travel services to be reviewed in september 2002.
 however, as you know, we have to pursue " quality " does not mean that we believe that it is not important.
 there was a general agreement that the international community has no action to put an end to the conflict.
 one of the requirements of the user of users is the damage caused by floods to crop and infrastructure.
 as a result, the government will also have a pre-democratic co-operation with the co-operation between hong kong and the cross-border coalitions.
 with regard to the mano river union, the regional offices must assist the implementation of the three ministers in september and october.
 as a result of the criminal offence, the lowest and the maximum limits of a criminal offence, which are the lowest and the maximum limits of a crime.
 initial enquiries revealed that the bullets were fired by gunmen.
 when analysis of the waiting time for analysis, it is generally possible that the applicants are divided into three categories.
 this is one of the main reasons for the spread of aids.
 for example, it is a product of modernization.
 in this way, it is possible to ensure peace and harmony and to promote the development of different national and cultural development of the world.
 with regard to food prices, i do not know what the business sector can do.
 this will not only enhance the ability of local production to enable hong kong to produce a service centre in the latter part of asia. "
 i would like to understand that all the people will understand the sense that we have come to the rest of the 17 years.
 in the case of good health, the symptom is mainly less than minor than minors.
 coordination on issues related to the coordination of the relevant united nations bodies is also appropriate.
 in the face of the " product " of the market, parents are much more suitable for their families.
 it is certainly very serious that if the more double-digit numbers will be adjusted.
 it will continue to seek voluntary repatriation for those vietnameses and laos who could not receive resettlement.
 experience has shown that the new system is operating well in 1999 and that there is a significant improvement in the system.
 at the same time, the moratorium on nuclear testing was essential for the entry into force of the ctbt.
 article 31 of the basic law stipulates that hong kong residents have travel and travel.
 they also felt that this could create a precedent which led to the adoption of the notice that all types of vessels must be passed before.
 right.
 since the government has been aware of the problem, the government has never given legal advice to the government, but the government will never give public information.
 as at august 1997, 34 chinese state-owned enterprises were listed in hong kong through a total of about $ 70000000000.
 to date, more than 30 tons of aid items have been transported to go go to go go to go go to goma.
 the committee expresses its appreciation to the board's introduction of globalization and new technologies in the 21 century.
 the gap between men and women is reflected in the gap between men and women in the working life.
 on the other hand, it was impossible to engage in trade with egypt.
 madam president, the rally, the assembly is actually not the right of people.
 the delay in delaying would affect the credibility of some talk.
 the number of private sector companies and the foundation for the private sector is a significant increase in cooperation with the united nations in cooperation with the united nations.
 there are no other comments <unk> " <unk>
 i am very excited.
 there are two types of identity cards, one of the two types of identity cards, one of them to the residents.
 as a result of the time limit, i have not been able to do all the services.
 this is a cause for concern to the recent developments in britain in britain's recent developments.
 the model component includes a model for the development of a persian gulf model and the maggling models.
 9 percentage points of the growth in currency exchange rates.
 typical illicit arms transactions are carried out in places where the control of arms control and export.
 switzerland will no longer tolerate the financial systems of switzerland, in the future, in the future, in the future.
 most of the vacancies will apply for a diploma or degree of graduates from $ 8000 to $ 16000.
 tables are set out in the 3 quarter of 1999 for completion in the 3 quarter of 1999.
 with regard to the details of the commission's functions, please see the " financial and capital commission act ".
 it is hoped that the in the near future is in the near future.
 civil society, within the commonwealth of the commonwealth, is a significant complement and support of the commonwealth official.
 the chinese delegation is of the view that the current international nuclear disarmament effort is being done by the current international nuclear disarmament effort.
 it is because mr leung yiu-chung has a lot of time to write, and therefore i support my support.
 the observer for the indians, the african and american cultural associations, believed that the non-muteral population is a minority of argentina.
 " in the coming three years, we have to conduct a survey on the employers to investigate the performance of university graduates.
 we are not aware of the edition of the chinese side, and it is very likely that hong kong officials have imagined some excuses for the mainland.
 a 5 plenary meeting was held in new york on 21 and 22 may 2001.
 the model law, however, has been set up in the model law (i.e., dependency and certification services).
 as a result, it is expected that the gap between the implementation of the country programmes is low.
 the committee will consider the specific topics from a gender perspective.
 " the sar is warmly supporting the wto as soon as possible.
 for example, the african region of sub-saharan africa is only a telephone phone.
 the press is respected by the press and the dignity and reputation of the body.
 the israeli authorities also closed several days each time on several occasions between the gaza strip and egypt.
 due to the speed up of unloading, the rapid increase in the cost of transport has benefited from all departments.
 as a result of the " snow-to-children ", there is a " snow-of-the-art " print.
 3. 2. 2. 2. 2 to absorb the development of knowledge, expertise and ability to develop entrepreneurship.
 she would like to do what can be done, such as radio radio, television, sport, sports, singing, singing, singing, singing, singing, singing, singing, singing, singing, singing, singing, singing, singing.
 when talking about taiwan's children's children, it is hard to look at the impact on them.
 it will be able to pay the costs for the freight cost of the freight value.
 as a matter of fact, the secretary for housing invited me to talk about the relationship between this and the district.
 an independent expert group was entrusted with an independent expert group to encourage consultants to work in order transparent and transparent.
 i did not see such reports, but i often hear such reports.
 (a) the companies who are interested in renting the cyberport's office is required to apply for formal applications.
 in the film film, there's a long history of " a pastasy ", " he says. "
 the united nations will face the test.
 the director of health, director of health, said that he could reach some four years later.
 it is very difficult.
 in the department's central institution, women accounted for more than 50 per cent of the existing staff, 1<unk>3 of the staff.
 the court believes that the buyer did not fulfil their obligations to pay the pay price.
 the independent human rights association of the region shall have a channel of linkage with the league of human rights.
 if 159 members of the co-sponsors of the bill will create a record: it will be a real olympic base.
 iraq has been requested to provide a response in the form of a supplementary report on 16 august 2002.
 the sfc has recently made a report on the financial status of hong kong's financial status as well as the financial centre of the financial centre.
 the conference considered that the mandate of the elections is to be the privileges of the general assembly and not the privileges of the security council.
 as a result, visitors will be able to reintegrate them in the modern civilization.
 we have a great goal to develop the hong kong region of hong kong as an international city of asia.
 on the other hand, the director of social welfare, the director of social welfare, mr lam and the fund management committee of the fund, is a new year of $ 80.
 the honourable mrs selina chow suggested that the use of the " juvenile police " is to be strengthened.
 overseas markets find a breakthrough.
 i would like to point out that mr lee cheuk-yan's amendment to mr lee cheuk-yan.
 shanghai is similar to the above-mentioned situation.
 the hong kong shipping industry in hong kong should be able to make a commercial decision in the mainland's shipping industry.
 it is a priority to help the government and the people of sierra leone and the people of sierra leone and the people of sierra leone.
 he said that the history of history was in mind.
 the framework of the transitional government demonstrated the role of the state in economic and social development.
 the committee recommends that the state party consider the terms of reference to the expanded employment bureau to encompass all aspects of racial discrimination.
 this is the driving force of the peace process in the democratic republic of the congo, without such impetus, and international support will be invalid.
 however, industrialization partners still need to do much work to reduce tariff and non-tariff barriers.
 the representative of costa rica stated that the delegation had always been very active in its work since the delegation had been very active.
 israel is proud of the ancient traditions that have been shared with the world as a whole.
 <unk> the chief executive, mr choi choi, will be director of information services, mr choi choi, on january 7, 2002.
 the dancers of the dancers are divided into gods, and then let the audience.
 the situation in the united nations social area is the most worrying concern.
 as a result, there was an urgent need to treat the medical hospital, and the child has already been infected.
 the questionnaire has been sent to all programme and donor governments, national teams and united nations agencies.
 in addition to the introduction of the ch'i-chuen, the snacks were even more and more in the dark.
 the aim is to give rise to a 3-party peace, peace-building, so that ethiopia will no longer wage war.
 a no. 3 alarm fire occurred today (february 2).
 we plan to introduce the bill to the legislative council in 2004.
 the people of kosovo, the people of kosovo, should not let the people of the people of kosovo should be encouraged to do so.
 we should not forget that these are all public funds.
 on the contrary, local universities will be increased in the coming year.
 i have recently visited the residents of the residents in the region.
 a copy of these written statements shall be sent to the prosecutor or or the person to the same person.
 qin chin-sheng said that james soong arrived in xi'an on may 5 on may 5, in beijing and hu jintao.
 the committee has also made additional information to the committee during its consideration of the report.
 north korea has a major train accident on the 22 of north korea's long-range train.
 the special rapporteur also includes extensive briefings to civil society, non-governmental organizations, lawyers and journalists.
 i do not agree with the feelings of the people of hong kong at this moment.
 however, international trafficking has also been involved in other areas, including the wearing apparel, agriculture and agriculture.
 i am not in my mind, but i often hear the spirit of love.
 therefore, before the establishment of the sar government, only the chinese government will be eligible for the future sar government.
 we must carefully assess the impact of elections on the relationship between the administration and the legislative council. "
 okay, thank you, mr. qiu zhenhai, for analysis.
 as a matter of fact, we have already identified some of its provisions, especially in respect of mine clearance activities.
 he noted that the volume of trade in latin america was 12 per cent per year.
 the number of unemployed persons fell to 193.3 million, and it was the first time for the first time in four years to 200000.
 in 2004, the united states bank and the bank of the united states financed us$ 17800000000 in exports to us$ 17800000000 in the world.
 two informal ministerial meetings will be held on wednesday, 5 june and on thursday, 6 june.
 at present, the government is considering ways to take legal action on the issue of pollution in the old premises on the old premises.
 the proposal was proposed to establish 36 posts in the office of the office and 18 posts for the support of the account and 18 posts.
 in taiwan, the main reference to chen shui-bian's " 3 path " is the main reference for the government of chen shui-bian.
 right, there are graphics on a double-eded sword, and we have graphics.
 in addition, the transport department has increased the number of checks on the spots on the spot to inspect the buses from eight to 12.
 as for political and religious freedom, not only writes into the constitution but also written in the constitution.
 i would like to draw the attention to the attention of the council, the external debt of the central african republic.
 if they wish to arrive at the scene, the meeting was 105 rooms at 105 rooms in the us congress.
 the record shall be subject to 3 years after the conclusion of the final record.
 there has been a reduction of the number of people in china.
 a large number of bangkok people in bangkok are being prepared in bangkok to prepare a new year at night.
 we fully support the similar statement issued by the secretary-general and other united nations representatives.
 during the period, taxis will be available at the carpark and the carpark for carpark road near yuen long.
 the transfer of conventional arms transfers is the transparency of the transfer of arms transfers between sovereign states.
 the latest figures show that some local employers have continued to streamline their manpower due to economic growth and the prospects for business.
 it needs a society of society. "
 this penalty applies only to the citizens of the czech republic, but no refugee status has been granted.
 when i came to the kids, i am a very serious and serious concern.
 the commission on human rights and the rights of human rights also participated in the international seminar.
 research on gender differences and inequality, which affects the risk of exposure to the risk of risks.
 according to the conservative estimates of the environmental protection bureau and the environmental protection bureau, these technologies have potentially potential for us$ 2000000000.
 the government announced today (december 22) the appointment of 12 members of the labour advisory board (bb) for a period of two years starting from january next year.
 the 3 category is particularly concerned about the elderly.
 " the east asian region has all along been accumulated in the financial surplus. "
 the swd has been contacted by the swd for counselling and counselling.
 a maximum of 80 per cent of the accommodation cost for the state is a maximum of 80 per cent.
 these developments exacerbated the strategic change in the post-cold-war era.
 it appears to be some difficulties in determining the number of refugees in camps in west timor.
 the resources have been exhausted, and resources have been exhausted.
 it was also agreed that all foreign forces should be invited to leave the democratic republic of the congo.
 with regard to improving the recruitment, salary, training and management proposals of the police are equally applicable to the prison guards.
 " the inspection is also found to be a bridge to meet traffic, public utility facilities and other loads. "
 now, after almost 30 years, the concept of common heritage has been contained in a number of international conventions.
 at the same time, the ministry of the home affairs department and the house will be held in the house.
 it is envisaged that all helicopters were deployed before the 1 round of balloting.
 i wish hong kong will always be a piece of sunny, and the air and prosperity, prosperity and prosperity, happiness, happiness and happiness.
 for a long time, a number of manufacturing industries in hong kong has been the main driving force for economic development.
 therefore, we first emphasize that the nuclear powers had been carried out by the nuclear powers to a comprehensive test-ban treaty in 1996.
 in comparison, the united states's largest internet service has only maintained a percentage of 20 users.
 since the opening of the reform and reform of the country, small and medium-sized enterprises have made a significant contribution to achieving a wealth of wealth and social stability.
 in our country's warming and a sooner, the next three years will be shortened.
 i hope that during the course of today's meeting, the secretary-general will be able to join in this general assembly hall.
 <unk> there is no provision for the absence of the guardian of the guardian of the guardian to abandon the right of guardian.
 for example, the agreed measures agreed to include a uniform document in the region of the region.
 it's a good friend to make friends and friends.
 mr howard young: mr president, the workers are unemployed, employment, employment, employment and job-related problems have already caused some time for some time.
 " even if they enter taiwan, they should not abandon the " opera ", " says chu chin-yun.
 otherwise, the draft articles would lose its most practical role.
 as a result, there was a significant increase in inflation rates last year.
 this is to say that, in hong kong, the right to use drugs and antibiotics in hong kong has been used in hong kong.
 these greek cypriots are 66 years old.
 on the weekend, the economic experts of the high-risk company have also presented the same forecast.
 the project can also allow more public understanding of cultural diversity and to maintain the preferability of diversity of diversity.
 in view of the large number of applications from the number of applicants, the government is now studying the need for increased loans.
 the seizure of the above assets is carried out in accordance with the code of criminal procedure and was carried out by the judge.
 it can be seen that the death of the student back to death is the only way.
 the number of cases of medical medical supplies in the country's primary health care facility was based on the basis of the provision of basic medical supplies.
 the land reform scheme is not only redistribution.
 for this subject, the meeting was trying to remind people that one person died or maimed by anti-personnel landmines.
 when they arrived at the neighbouring island, there was only some handful crafts to buy their crafts.
 motorists are advised to follow the traffic instructions and follow-up of police officers.
 the conclusion of this conclusion was some surprising that the legal adviser to the legal advisers had been expressed by the legal adviser to the defence counsel.
 with the assistance of ilo, the government of benin is considering the possibility of expanding the existing social security system or individual scope.
 the amputation of their lives, which affects their lives, affect their activities, work and normal life.
 in 2001, the eu, japan, the united states and a number of developing countries declined simultaneously.
 after the implementation of the scheme, many colleagues will be expected to develop lifelong learning.
 he was said to have disappeared after he filed a written complaint with his father.
 other nb officers also arrested a 40-year-old man in the vicinity.
 as a matter of fact, the only place of low-skilled employment opportunities is the only local service.
 the project shows that small-scale small-sized enterprises are based on the policy experience and performance of credit subsidies based on credit subsidies.
 just now, mrs miriam lau is the " charter for youth ".
 the three persons were suspected to be defraud with money from the woman.
 they should be opened on the basis of the development of monetary, financial, trade and other macroeconomic policies and implementing a gradual and progressive market.
 in the context of international moral and international law, it is impossible to support the united states and the united states this time.
 the concept of real development should include full respect for all universally universal human rights.
 state practice has shown that the length of the duration of the number of persons concerned is very high.
 the islamic state of afghanistan aspires to the security council before its consideration of the agenda, which could also be reviewed by the security council.
 countries achieved a large number of people living in poverty, although the asian financial crisis has caused setbacks.
 as a result, some countries of the poor have not been financed.
 recognition of the role played by neighbouring states in the security and economic sphere.
 " the security council is deeply concerned about the deterioration in the situation in the territory and around the republic of croatia.
 in view of the return of warmer weather, the 9 temporary cold shelters operated by the home affairs department have closed today (february 5).
 to this end, efforts should be made to achieve the goal of mutual co-operation among others.
 fai-yan found that, in the development, manufacture and sales of animals, as well as a well-known consumer consumer of the world.
 as a result, the veterin veinter also arrived at the scene and confirmed that all chickens were not infected with avian flu. "
 the secretariat analysed a number of missions surveyed by the secretariat to verify the rates of self-sufficiency.
 the floods of the new territories north of the new territories will be implemented to implement the shenzhen river project.
 capitalism in the absence of legal and ethicism often caused drug trafficking, organized crime and corruption.
 as the 1 works of the emperor's work, chen painted a series of " job-seekers ".
 the one-way period from the hong kong special administrative region can be shortened at about 40 minutes.
 the report describes the situation in which the economic deterioration of the palestinian economy has deteriorated.

 at least 17 were shot dead and 38 individuals were burned alive.
 the working group, together with international human rights services, has been working together in 1997.
 28 immigration officers and 13 police officers raided 7 targeted units in sham shui po in sham shui po.
 therefore, the contracting authority would prefer to consider the control measures that may need to change.
 the developed and developing countries, as well as economic growth in countries with economies in transition, are very important in developing countries.
 according to the same sources, more than 800 persons were alleged to have been killed in the fighting with the police.
 in accordance with a legal section, " a person who commits a terrorist activity ", and the existing legislation will be under charge.
 mr president, after the closure of the new landfills next year, the smell problem will be solved.
 over 200 million children were killed in the 1990s, with more than 600,000 permanent disability or serious injuries.
 this is a great help in the development community. "
 basically, this is a tangible responsibility for the government's development in the north-west area.
 a warning letter will be issued to the department's failure to make improvements in the absence of improvements or results of the department.
 the proliferation of hiv <unk> aids in our region is also a source of concern.
 in addition, we have once again been one of the economies of the world's most competitive and most competitive economies.
 the highways department ( highways) today (july 20) signed a contract valued at $ 6888000000 after the signing of the construction contract.
 i have to see hong kong's laws and refer to 382 times in the basic law.
 3, there was a pragmatic cooperation in the field of non-traditional security.
 in june to july this year, the most significant employment industry and the underemployment situation remained stable.
 this is not easy, but if there is a quota system, a quota system can be absorbed by the market.
 furthermore, australia is actively engaged in the negotiation of the international convention for the suppression of the international convention for the suppression of terrorism.
 the regulations, together with the factories and industrial operations (gggs) regulation, will be effective to implement the protection scheme.
 the letter would not be able to improve the confidence of the united kingdom and the libyan arab jamahiriya.
 however, we firmly believe that the secretary-general's report contains the correct framework of the united nations in east timor.
 in some parts of the world, the number of people in poverty and the relative number of poor people are growing.
 we look forward to cooperation with the industry in this regard. "
 the state party argues that the same wording should apply to the present case.
 he was informed that the cause of the darf df df dff is a dispute between the fishers in the field of crops with crops.
 the amendment has also been reserved for the future development of the fire services department and the open space of the fire services department.
 otherwise, the international community may have no choice but only from liberia.
 the details of the details will also be made available to improve the skills of language and skills.
 the waves of the spectacular winds and from time to break up the waves of spectacular winds in the deck.
 in fact, in respect of the jurisdiction of the garrison, the draft garrison law and the current practice of british practice.
 the spokesman pointed out that the purpose of the establishment of a resource centre for the judiciary is not encouraging to self-government.
 the chairman of the joint meeting indicated that the discussions were very useful and will be taken on follow-up action.
 in addition, we will also review the review of the district boards in 2003.
 at 1 avenue, the entrance routes of the secretariat located at 1 avenue will be restricted to a special vehicle label at a special label.
 over 320000 trees have been brought to the village.
 the institute of reform of the institute of reform was established as a result of the development of a land transfer plan.
 according to information provided, the advisory committee was not opposed to these posts.
 anyone who has any information on the girl's relatives or the girl is urged to call the mong kok police station at 2398 629.
 in 1997, the institute had designated a formal exchange agency to improve the quality of quality and upgrading productivity programmes.
 this morning, we do not have a little time, and i would like to focus on two questions in my statement.
 to this end, emphasis on education is a necessary means of promoting social development in the developing world.
 ruf is not the army, but it also affirmed the command of the forces of the army.
 the field control system aims at a series of audits to the united nations assets of the united nations assets, namely, at the end of the initial procurement.
 this is not possible.
 for security reasons, in order to protect the environment, these substances must be non-existent, without unexploded emission and no chemical reaction.
 the treason was found in the common law system in the 14 century.
 worse worse, it seems that the threat of the destruction of nuclear weapons has been rooted in many people.
 in the village, the village came away.
 the armed conflict took place in february last year.
 the right to protect the rights of the rights of human rights is a part of the international protection of human rights, particularly in respect of a pluralistic system.
 the procedure for the commission is confidential, and in accordance with the rules, any document or address of the rules should be held.
 however, with the gradual recovery in economic recovery, we believe that hong kong will pick up in the future.
 the so-called option is to choose whether or not the contract.
 efforts will continue to be made, but in the medium term, this will be a challenge.
 they tend to reindify the slides.
 at that time, governor patten was in the process of preparing the general election of the general election.
 asianet daily summary-press releases distributed to friday, november 16, 2001.
 however, it may be disappointed that only one defendant has so far been transferred to the tribunal.
 in order to avoid conflict, the role of the council must be co-ordinated with the court's role in order to ensure the independence of the latter.
 the loss of life, especially the lives of children, is always saddened, that sadly beyond the national and religious boundaries.
 the table, including $ 50000, were seized.
 in recent years, there has been a rapid change in the world economy.
 the guidelines have been made on the websites of the buildings department and distributed to all management companies and owners ' corporations.
 they felt that they were called " technology for technology, " he said.
 while the member states requested to strengthen the representative of the field, its progress is being hampered by the shortage of resources.
 at about 3.00 p.m. local time, a car bomb on a car bomb in the centre of the centre of the centre of the centre of the centre of the centre was neared.
 senior officers at the session of the high-level high-level high-level officers, as well as personal agents, will receive special permits to the united nations security guard and security.
 the latest maps and the message of new accessories have been transmitted rapidly to the rescue agencies.
 the scheme provides a total of 15000000 citizens, including students, women and children, no gender discrimination.
 however, the united nations peacekeeping force and other united nations bodies had undertaken mine-clearance activities in its mandate.
 the royal government has provided legal protection to the hiv <unk> aids pandemic and protect the human rights of these people.
 as a result, it would be once again to go to the housing department for further inspection by the housing department.
 drop-out rates for girls are still higher than boys, in secondary schools and universities.
 there is a stagnation of the bian and the bian-blocking <unk> amp; ed.
 there was no difficulty in setting up and access to such private schools.
 because of the experience of the past, she had changed her decision.
 the warning letters will be received from the transport department when the speed of motorists.
 always is in the hands of the united states, he is, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er.
 chairman, the president of the world bank, senior advisers of the world bank of the world bank.
 if the senior officials are interested in investment, they do not want to do business as well.
 consideration should also be given to changes in the international system for the past 10 years, especially globalization and new technologies.
 some people cannot say <unk>
 it has been proposed to abolish the cuban sugar quotas in the united states market.
 however, in the longer term, the government still intends to openly recruit suitable candidates.
 in addition, 3 children have been released, but the next day was required to report to the gendarmerie.
 a statement on the modernization of the hong kong sar trademarks ordinance.
 the more voters to vote, the more the more voters will vote, of course, the more representative.
 an area of 400 km from a place of 4000000 kilometres for a single place is about 13 minutes.
 if he is not enough, you will be able to take a break for a rest.
 such an approach is very obvious.
 the armed attack in december 1963 was a ethnic cleansing campaign against the turkish cypriots.
 the delegation of argentina proposed that it should also include models.
 we are investigating the canadian authorities to understand details of the court's hearing. "
 the delegation of china expressed appreciation to the work of the delegation for the work of the topic.
 no one has to go to him.
 with regard to the precarious situation of the marriage situation, she asked whether there was no study to identify the root causes of the family.
 the fact is that the environment is even worse than the previous year.
 the government announced today (april 20) the appointment of members of the committee and the special adviser to the commission on innovation and technology.
 he will carry out major reforms in the securities and futures markets and strengthen the supervision of the banking sector.
 as a result, the attention of the non-governmental organizations and other important groups have already contributed to the participation of non-governmental organizations and other important groups.
 the delegation said that the majority of this was the result of external forces, not to control groups and individuals.
 " the achievement of the achievement of this achievement has been made in the past and the current efforts of our current colleagues. "
 the presentation ceremony will be held in january next year.
 in order to improve the standard of living of children and improve services, parents have paid some costs under household income.
 however, further efforts needed to be made in order to improve the results of the results of public information.
 access to those criminal acts cannot be allowed to support the implementation of those criminal acts.
 on july 26, he was seen in sha tin and saw a security guard against two burglary suspects.
 in the council's view, he had to be responsible for their own actions.
 under the traditional business environment, the marketing officer can only take care of him or contact the client.
 article 54 of the constitution of the republic of the republic of the republic of the republic of the republic of the republic shall be protected by law.
 the member states members of the european union have a three-year time to make it on 6 june 2000.
 the pfp pfp was anger and immediately pressed a press conference.
 it reaffirms the importance of the treaty on the limitation of anti-ballistic missile systems.
 the performance of the developed countries in the region continues to be weakened by the japanese economy.
 it is unrealistic for others to save the blaze.
 it can be sold in the bricks.
 taiwan's province of taiwan's province of taiwan is a six years ago.
 despite the numerous resolutions of the international community, the security council has adopted numerous resolutions, a multi-ethnic, multicultural and multi-ethnic society.
 the hkma will carry out regulatory functions in accordance with the supervision of the sfc by the sfc.
 the dust of the star will return to the sample samples for the first time.
 we want to see a truly universal character and a truly global mission.
 the population is estimated to be an important parameters for projections and projections, for both private and commercial organizations.
 more than five years ago, he invited friends to attend the lunar new year lunar new year.
 the united states government recognizes that the foreign bank of cuba should enjoy diplomatic immunity.
 secondly, the rule of adjudication is paid for an instrument of compulsory adjudication.
 in the competition, students had to cope with accidents, such as power cuts, black-to attackers, the interruption of equipment, equipment and passers.
 we are currently considering the views of the industry in implementing the proposal.
 the staff of the board also visited thailand and the field of field offices in thailand and china.
 the bill does not mention special references to the use of a company with the use of a company with a company or a company.
 it is also strange to say that the chinese people should take care of the names of the names of the chinese.
 the department of health is providing health education to members of the disease and to carry out disinfection in their home.
 i would now like to address the issue of post-conflict peace-building, given the current situation of our country.
 the representative of non-governmental organizations submits that the high commissioner should take the initiative to take the initiative of the special rapporteur's recommendations.
 at the time of the necessary action to focus on the necessary action, we refuse to go to a single dimension.
 we are focusing on the process of the question of the question of palestine in the middle east.
 if the members of the council agree with the consent of the council.
 these include threats to the concepts of sovereignty, which have been subjected to technology.
 the maintenance of world security and peace cannot be seen from the development of the international community.
 the emergency in lima, lima, was extended on 15 december.
 several days after the israeli occupation of mazar-i-sharif, the authorities began to transfer the prisoners to other detention sites.
 the unique nature of the missile is very suitable for the threat of threats, deterrence, coercion, coercion, self-defence and revenge.
 the government's consistent policy is to adopt a platform for the application of an application platform as far as possible.
 in addition, 106-year-old child care centres were also maintained at the present time.
 after this incident, both sides have taken military operations, but the front-line situation has not changed.
 in addition, the general assembly has designed a variety of new interesting games to test participants.
 however, a number of immediate actions will be taken by the relevant departments.
 the commission could make new images of new images and the latest images (about 15000).
 the estimate of a 10 per cent vacancy rate of 10 per cent.
 the use of natural gas from coal to natural gas will also reduce the emissions of sulphur.
 the works will start early next year and is expected to be completed in early 2001.
 in the manufacturing sector, large-scale establishments include institutional units in the manufacturing sector, with 50 or more persons concerned.
 under article 23, paragraph 2 of the swedish penal code, penalties are lower than the highest limits on the maximum limits of the offence.
 the general assembly has recently adopted resolution 56<unk>282, in addition to the list of non-self-governing territories.
 mr. wang (china) (interpretation from chinese): on 23 july, the esteemed king of morocco, kingsan hasan hasansan ii.
 on 14 february, the government of rwanda informed rwanda of rwanda, and other 5 suspects were arrested.
 of these, 63 were implemented by non-governmental organizations, while the remaining 19 were organised by swds.
 in conclusion, i would like to refer to two spain's special concern.
 it will certainly be an offence to be untrue.
 secondly, the capacity of small and medium-sized enterprises (the " smes ") is inadequate.
 8 days later, the usa is all along with us.
 more than 2,000 african ronas will be displayed at the hong kong park in hong kong.
 the survey will provide a total of living standards of the entire territory, particularly in poverty, and in particular of poverty.
 one of the one of the ones of the participants is the introduction of a new town at the same time this year.
 in 1993, in 1993, the abolition of the death penalty in 1993 is precisely the global trend of the world for human rights.
 it is also known that mortals and other illnesses are very effective.
 15 catholics and international chapries and international charistries and international charities were reportedly executed in dili.
 in particular, he proposed that the legislation was amended in 1999 to give it more investigated and the independence of the competition.
 the secretary for foreign affairs of china and south korea was held in beijing.
 he will feature a keynote speech at the hong kong trade development council and the french association of france.
 the international community could cooperate with the interests of each other.
 the ministry of finance made a report on 19 january 2001.
 he said: " the government's primary objective is to stabilize the property market, and the property price will not be big. "
 mr lau ping-cheung said that if the application is to be made, i would like to notice that <unk>
 the sponsors of the sponsor states that the legal basis may be found in the article 10 to 22 and 22 of the charter.
 in any case, it is important to begin to collect data on the stockpiling of its storage and production record.
 it should be noted that the data contained in these tables are available from various agencies concerned.
 i remember that some people have a lot of words such as " vested ".
 i believe many people will not agree with this view, but rather, it would object in principle against the land departure tax.
 in accordance with the contract, there is a need to agree on the need to agree with the forest forests of the region.
 the angolan armed forces also took a large number of sarwawas in the south of the country and continues to be in the south-eastern part of the country.
 if we decide to extend the project, our intention is to prove that the impact of the labour shortage is to help the target.
 as a result, they were used by germany's entry trains and speedy speed quickly, and the price price is $ 8000000000.
 in 2001, the court received an embassant from the government of the people's republic of china.
 such work is still subject to divisions and need to be considered and approved by the division.
 police will take special traffic arrangements on hong kong island on january 6 in order to hold public chests.
 private universities also give relief to tuition fees for the students.
 improving our relationship with egypt and egypt, as well as multilateral negotiations, is indispensable to the achievement of the common objectives of our region.
 his country's strong strength is very strong, and he would never be able to do so.
 a number of police officers will be asked by some police officers.
 the results indicated that those of the medicines were not detected in medicine for medicine.
 it welcomes ukraine as a non-nuclear-weapon states as the treaty on the non-proliferation of nuclear weapons (npt).
 israel has also continued to set up the tunnel to the west of al-quds al-sharif.
 in fact, following the holiday of this year's holiday, the travel industry council has not received any complaints from visitors.
 " i believe you will become an important asset of the two places. "
 he then said.
 the ministry of defence has conducted depreciation to reflect the service of the latter.
 therefore, if you are concerned about the rights of the demonstration, i agree that we should not let the spirit of our spirit.
 the private car immediately stopped the scene at shak kok road near tai kok road.
 although the evidence is correct, they are still being defended today.
 governments have taken various ways to control these monopolies.
 it must be noted, however, that they are not unfair to the performance of their respective roles and missions.
 i believe, i believe, will not only affect the future.
 the lack of political infections in the environment, as usual, did not even have the level of development assistance.
 " our immunization system is like the army, as the army is like the army.
 the indifference of citizens and voters is very high.
 this led to the decline in the gaza strip and lead to salt water from sea to the east.
 i believe that this week this week has demonstrated the determination of this assembly to demonstrate the resolve of this international health terror.
 i also wish to express our gratitude to the secretary-general and appreciation appreciation to the secretary-general for his consideration of the report today.
 we need to fulfil this international responsibility. "
 argentina, for its part, has been able to sacrifice democratic democracy after decades of political instability.
 the western door of the west is only a legend of many legends.
 it is very well-known to say that we are very familiar with this very important change.
 it is a major part of the united nations involvement in the work of the sea.
 in the history of history, no other child had passed away.
 " the entire continent is the whole continent as the whole of our entire continent and bring about bright brightness. "
 as chairman of the new adviser, i would like to make a new tree on a good basis in the ad hoc committee.
 otherwise, sanctions are likely to become a non-discriminatory instrument, and the aspirations of the international community as a whole.
 cocaine seizures in recent years were seized in recent years and seized 913 kcacacaines reported in 2000.
 to that end, pakistan supported the mexican proposal that the relevant united nations agencies would give careful consideration to the request of the international court of justice.
 the mandatory provident fund schemes authority (puc) has issued a detailed arrangements for the establishment and operation of the relevant industries.
 he was then taken away by a police vehicle when he was founded by a police vehicle when he was founded by a police vehicle.
 with regard to the environment, it should be more effective and more substantive and more substantive.
 the secretary-general has put forward the direction of the united nations.
 it is also necessary to identify the user users of the public information and evaluation results.
 the statement made by mr chan kam-lam's statement was more short than my short term, but i now wish to speak more than him.
 lithuania also attaches great importance to the role of other international forums on counter-terrorism.
 the president of the united states of the united states overthrows the judgement of the district court of the district court.
 with regard to this point, the 30000 displaced internally displaced persons and internally displaced persons in the northern governorates of katanga province are not available in this year.
 as a result of the fighting and air raids at the end of july, some international organizations had to go away from city.
 in view of the current economic situation, we also urge the government to consider the feasibility of reducing the cost of pre-employment training. "
 at the end, i can only say that the government is just a bit out of the local saying that the government can only do so.
 at present, the operating budget of unhcr is a total of less than $ 40 per year.
 in addition, the amount of 10 per cent shall be set up on 31 december, with a set of 10 per cent of unpaid payment for the replacement of exchange rates.
 the president and mrs.
 the 3 ministerial conference of the world trade conference will be held in seattle.
 tianzii said that in the light of the 1 issue, the executive council recommended the above 1 issue in primary and secondary schools.
 as a result, it would be unwise to make a more enriched expression of expressions in the so-called cohesion of a more enriched expression.
 regular and processing images of 30-minute photographs and 7-minute prizes are presented regularly.
 any person affected by the amendments may be submitted to the secretary of the town planning board for objection to the secretary of the town planning board.
 as for the specific elements of the two ordinances, the hkpa is basically favouring.
 on the contrary, the import of ecuador's imports of imports of 2<unk>3 and more than 2<unk>3 of colombian imports increased significantly.
 the recent example of the recent example is to build a mizzle court for the construction of a country park.
 the various types of projects envisaged are contained in article 11 of the model procurement model.
 the chairman of the hong kong institute of surveyors of hong kong institute of surveyors will be held on the workshop.
 the 12 teenagers arrested in june 15 was also released on bail earlier on bail earlier.
 this issue has not been communicated to the ministry of foreign affairs of israel, but there was no progress at this time.
 regional security systems have expanded its capacity to collect information on counter-terrorism activities in the eastern caribbean region.
 she also wished to know how the choice of non-governmental organizations, they provide information and the use of information.
 in order to protect consumers ' interests, i would like to express my motion debate today.
 turkey supported the director-general's policy of strengthening the representative of the field, but the country should provide financial contributions or in-kind contributions.
 however, there are 15 different countries of different countries.
 a legal assistance in accordance with the procedure for legal assistance in accordance with the provisions of the treaty has been signed.
 these realities must be resolved to ensure that the remaining 70000 people are remaining, or at least one of them can return home.
 the list of national states should be punished by the list of nationals and direct victims to continue to be the elderly, women and children.
 mr lee cheuk-yan will move an amendment to the hon tam yiu-chung's motion.
 as to the underemployment rate, there was also a decline in the construction industry, the transport industry and the transport industry and manufacturing industries.
 as a result of budgetary constraints, a number of limitations were given to the costs and expenditure of counsellors.
 it is a matter of time-frame that there must be a limit of time-frame, which is not in a long way to avoid punishment.
 as for the weekend, next weekend, these local places have also been blocked by their parents and parents, and traffic.
 the bank does not want to take another thing that the government has instructed the banks to deal with its business.
 programme enquiries can be made: 246119 <unk> 9 <unk> 9 <unk> 9 <unk> 9 <unk> 9 <unk> 9 <unk> 9 <unk> 9 <unk> 99 <unk> 999 <unk> 9 <unk> 9 <unk> 999 <unk> 92.
 therefore, the taiwan straits are able to look into a unit.
 in article 190 to 201 of the georgian penal code, the procedure for the seizure of assets (bank accounts).
 " in addition to the case, we also think that there is a need to expand training and transportation. "
 since the establishment of the united nations, albania has experienced one of the most grievous dictatorship in the continent.
 we do not favour the practice of taking pressure in resolving the nuclear issue.
 then, you will ask, why i would say that you will join you. they will not be allowed to join you.
 he was subsequently released a few days later.
 investigations by accident investigation team, traffic, hong kong island, are proceeding.
 finland will actively participate in the efforts of the conference to put an end to the further spread of anti-personnel landmines.
 in addition, article 13 to 18 should be considered by reference to the international institutional system of specific activities.
 from the soviet embassy in the soviet embassy of the soviet embassy in 1970-1975.
 legal codes of ethics on the legal activities of the conflict in conflict zones should be developed.
 the preconditions should be the provision of fairness, non-discrimination and objective.
 the answer is yes.
 the spokesman added that all the sale of flats will not be available for sale at the hos hos scheme.
 in the same period, the number of births at the number of hong kong was 575300, compared with 3200 deaths.
 however, i have to see it, because this issue reflects the issue of the history of the balkans and the people of the balkans.
 when hong kong's future talks, some leaders of the chinese side said: " the chinese people can do so. "
 more than any other groups, they need the attention and care of families, social and government care and care.
 it is reported that the area of pollution had been exported in the area of pollution. these foods have been exported in other parts of the area.
 with regard to the choice of the children's choice, luxembourg reservations were made at the time of ratification of this convention.
 they also discussed the discussions and agreed to prevent arms into the country.
 from short-term perspectives, the government should seriously discuss with the industry to discuss their views.
 i would also like to think about the death of all the victims over the last decade.
 mr ni kuang talked about all of the copyrights.
 the overall plan is to focus on assisting girls and women's self-esteem.
 he firmly reiterated that the administration and palau is committed to upholding the environment and culture of palau.
 on july 17, 1928, the communist party secretary of the communist party secretary of the communist party secretary of the ccp.
 at the time of promoting the chickens, there will also be indirect public chickens with the farmer chickens.
 the advisory committee requests a copy of the memorandum of understanding of the memorandum of understanding of the memorandum.
 in this context, the committee has endeavoured to understand the full acts of hidden acts of iraq.
 the special rapporteur undertook a visit to rwanda.
 people have lost their fighting.
 the main reason for the unpaid balance was the main reason for the termination of the troops.
 furthermore, as a member of the international community, we will continue to contribute directly to the palestinians directly.
 the research and practical application of scientific research and practical applications in the field of remote sensing.
 under the basic law, all permanent members of the hong kong special administrative region shall enjoy election and election.
 in the period under review, 40 enterprises in the services industry have received a total of $ 216000 in the reporting period.
 early in early june, members of the council participated in the drafting of the nuclear tests carried out by india and pakistan for may.
 i take this opportunity to express my gratitude to the countries of friendly countries, international organizations and the united nations itself to continue to provide assistance to our country.
 we advise the friends of entrepreneurship: we have to know what's inadequate, honest and honest.
 the storm has also caused a heavy blow to hong kong, and there is a very painful period of painful adjustment.
 ah, it was closed yesterday.
 following the protest of the assembly, some of the people were emotionally emotional, and some people feel emotionally, and the police are disturbed by high pressure.
 the establishment of the work programme (the annex 4) has been developed only in recent years.
 i think it is most important to respect the civil service, allowing them to discuss them with you.
 the committee expresses its concern about changes in the pension system of the pension system, which influenced the impact on men than men.
 (iii) the force commander of the commander of the force commander: the message of the office of the office was sensitive to two local level posts.
 in fact, it has decided to reduce the expected increase in the world economy and international trade.
 the department of community development division and family support division has already launched publicity activities, national family, exhibitions, exhibitions and similar activities.
 " the opening of this exhibition is extremely successful.
 the international community should be viewed on the same status as the same status as the same status as the same as the same.
 despite some obvious difficulties, these positive developments have shown that conflict prevention progress is being implemented in the process of being implemented.
 similar to the 2 provisions of the joint declaration are also found in annex iii to the basic law.
 he was kicked and kicked.
 the united states dollar deposits increased slightly by 17<unk> in july to november, after 17<unk> in december.
 the committee wished to know the findings of the incident.
 however, women's ability to participate in society is clearly dependent on the social and social resources and its legal rights.
 many of the discussions of the general assembly and the commissions have clearly reflected the issue of common concern for all humankind.
 their despair and suffering must be concluded.
 " we will strive to preserve the success of all hong kong's success. "
 in view of the above position, the chinese side put forward a reasonable solution.
 after all of us$ 2000000000, after all, only 12.3 billion us dollars were used to purchase humanitarian goods.
 the rent indices in the consumer price index (cpi) reflected the changes in the rent in hong kong tenants.
 such an approach will be focused on whether the return of the proceeds will be returned to the original title.
 he argues that the preparatory work in beijing's olympics is consistent with the 2008 olympics.
 in february this year, the committee considered key issues of productive employment.
 we will be able to make a general assessment of the situation in the face of the economic measure.
 the protection of women workers in the workplace in 2000 are also prohibited from eight to 21 weeks of maternity workers.
 the practical facilities of paraguay have also made significant improvements to bring river transit corridors to the 2 to road transport.
 welcome everyone.
 in this connection, the financial secretary also agreed that it would be possible to develop as soon as possible.
 for the people of the public, the importance of the hall of the town hall is above the cultural culture.
 in most countries, the population of the population is far faster than the overall population growth.
 a 45-year-old man was killed in the fire at 2 am today (friday) at 2 am today (friday) morning.
 furthermore, it was reported that the national archives of the national archives were also being detained on 12 may 1994.
 i am deeply honoured to officiate at the opening ceremony of the " china space science and technology exhibition ".
 their disciplinary measures are disciplinary, and acted as a united nations for the united nations.
 these proposals have been the public's public opinion over the years.
 a police spokesman stressed: " a police spokesman stressed: " there is no need for the public to do so. "
 police appeal to members of the public who know about the whereabouts of the missing person to know the whereabouts of the missing persons missing missing persons missing east kowloon east.
 in this connection, the advisory committee had informed the secretariat's intention to review the timetable for a system-wide session.
 the 74-year-old man, the 74-year-old man, is very good.
 this incident took place in the way forward in the way in ancient times.
 in fact, the total number of unemployed persons was higher.
 this practice also deserves further consideration.
 in the centuries and this millennium, we have seen a great accomplishment of humankind.
 mr deputy president, i would like to say that i would like to say a few words about the debate on this matter.
 the number of casualties in armed conflict is the civilian population.
 as a result, the 3 phase of the genetic revolution is known as the revolutionary revolution.
 i believe that the chinese government has promised to draft basic basic law to examine the accuracy of the basic law.
 these rights may be brought to the court of justice.
 the united nations is the appropriate forum to address many of the challenges.
 this provision provides for the growing growing demand for the people of iraq to meet the growing demand for food and medicine.
 note: the chinese charitable fund and the chinese temple temple was established shortly after the commencement of the chinese temple ordinance.
 there is, in fact, difficult to distinguish between voluntary and compulsory recruitment.
 in the first page of the day, the book was written on the day of the day.
 at the same time, the rate of inflation is high, and the inflation rate for the year is expected to be nearly 10 per cent.
 mr ip also mentioned that he believed that many voters in the field of the legal profession have been tired of us.
 i have also agreed to agree with the recommendation of the amendment to reducing some of the administrative provisions.
 i need not repeat them here.
 a number of recommendations will be submitted to the commission's conclusions and recommendations in the 1 session of the review committee.
 a complex project is a complex project, which will have a profound impact on the functioning of the united nations, budgeting and financial work.
 if we still do not want to do so, they can buy a lot of money.
 in line with the relevant measures, customs and excise department, the lands department, the lands department and the planning department will carry out these verification work.
 mr. wang yingna (china) (spoke in chinese): i would like to congratulate you on your assumption of the council's presidency.
 in addition, the military observers and civilian police are not able to ensure safety.
 the text of the text was to make a number of political options and rights to the countries concerned after an internationally wrongful act.
 responding to the investigation by the officers, officers of the crime section were investigated on march 27.
 they must be subject to a sustained professional training, and its registration of its registration <unk> mandates will be considered.
 in late february, the ed will be invited to take part in the allocation procedures for the central allocations to the central allocation.
 however, the implementation of these techniques is enormous.
 i would like to say a little he was hesitated with him.
 the contradiction between the operative paragraph 3, paragraph 3, is even more obvious.
 the minimum age for service service will benefit from the benefit of each society.
 the view was expressed that the remuneration of the insolvency representative should address the remuneration of the insolvency representative.
 i am not going to repeat the arguments earlier, and only i hope honourable members will be able to do so.
 in the absence of other speakers, the chairman, following the consent of the group, should put an end to the debate.
 he said: " you have to live in a dark or even one of the darkness.
 i think the level of the ceiling should be given to the authorities before the situation in the future.
 the sisters of the sisters have been starved for a day and a day for a day.
 " we should continue to strive to improve the standard of service, which is the expectations of our society. "
 a major step forward in the future.
 the community is now strongly strongly in favour of a bill of rights to establish a bill of rights.
 in my view, the government is like a " own ".
 however, when the delegation went to new york, it was safe for aviation security to prevent their access to the united states.
 " the pace of economic recovery in south-east asia will slow down. "
 the united kingdom believed that the court should meet the guidelines.
 in order to reduce funds in the short term, i think the government should more actively implement the relevant policies.
 the convention on the law of treaties concerning the vienna convention on the law of treaties concerning the multilateral covenant and agreement, which also includes reservations of human rights treaties.
 the democratic republic of myanmar has chosen the path of democracy: the government of myanmar is developing a true democracy in a market economy.
 it was also reported that, on 7 june 2000, the rwandan soldiers allegedly seized a 7, including five children, including five children.
 " we will submit an appeal to the appeal as soon as possible. "
 (b) private private land is the responsibility of the land titles.
 this has enabled the poor more vulnerable.
 we also believe that the life of hong kong's cultural life is the ideal city set up for a stop stop stop. "
 in a number of countries, cross-border instruments are vested in customs legislation, such as smuggling or breach of foreign exchange controls.
 more than 95<unk> of salaries tax and personal income tax tax tax taxpayers can receive their repayments within two weeks.
 we must be overcome, however, that it is necessary for japan to take serious consideration.
 preparations for the tenth anniversary of the ministry of women, welfare and social development under the ministry of development, welfare and social development.
 he also served as the chairman of the secretary of the administrative committee on administrative, and the chairman of the committee, and to the secretary-general.
 the exhibition is a member of the italian permanent mission to cooperate with the department of public information on friday, 5 november.
 similarly, the difference between life expectancy at birth (table 3 and 5).
 secondly, there is a balance between the administration and the legislature.
 even if the shelling is the shelling day, there is no public transport in the streets.
 this year, after all, it may be a different way.
 next, let us take you to see that the government of bush launched a iraq policy in the past.
 in addition, members may be able to observe the investigation of the capo.
 when i look forward, i would like to say that i would like to listen to my remarks.
 despite a good financial performance, structural adjustment programmes have not been able to achieve its target growth rates.
 yes, it was somewhat different.
 if the united nations is vital to the united nations, we must have the united nations to make the united nations to a step forward before developments.
 the financial secretary, mr tung said, " the " lion rock " under his budget.
 the housing authority will be responsible for repair works in public housing estates, which are responsible for repair works and to bear on related expenditures.
 speaking at the conclusion of the deputy president, i believe that this is the last meeting of the legislative council.
 the spokesman said: " the number of industrial accidents and accidents has been downward downward.
 the croatian police are also carrying out walking and vehicle patrols on the part of the croatian police.
 mr cheung noted that the three " fundamental issues ", mr cheung pointed out, pointed out to the education department.
 now, the united nations needs more support than ever before.
 before the implementation of the registration scheme, the authorities will consider carefully all the views of the registration scheme.
 his excellency the president: mr. martin lee, you are in the opinion of the advice and is not appropriate to ask questions.
 as a matter of fact, the government has recently been " winds ", and it will be possible to reduce the remuneration of civil servants.
 in the evening, he will fly to washington on a visit to washington on the 10.
 the exports of developing countries from the united states accounted from 22 per cent in 1990 to 28 per cent in 2000.
 the website is expected to be completed in 2004.
 at its 12 session in september 2001, the tribunal decided to submit this matter to the meeting of states parties.
 as to her husband, her husband pays her shoes.
 <unk> 152 <unk> the analysis of the data is relatively small, although there is a need for analysis of data.
 however, the report pointed out that although the local market had been food and in particular, the people's purchasing power is extremely limited.
 the advisory committee agrees with this view and suggested that the current rate of contribution was retained.
 the international community's achievements in the fight against terrorism should not be achieved as a pre-trial basis.
 the administration has recognized the interests of the state of sovereign states.
 however, hong kong's economy has continued to grow, and the surplus of the plb's surplus has many countries.
 this should be done.
 the under-secretary-general has expressed its view that the time frame for the commission is not established.
 over the past 3 years, a large number of documents prove that due to inadequate water shortages, due to inadequate water supply.
 the treaty is restricted to banning nuclear explosions, but not the quality of nuclear weapons, or production of new weapons systems.
 they replied that they would not be eligible for him.
 as a whole, it is much better than that of its part.
 (b) the light of the clp will be closed on a day-by-case basis from the clp on may 1 year.
 the people who will be misleaded in the green paper are really a hurry.
 in 1993, it was a member of china's appointment and to become a member of the arbitration institute of arbitration in 2000.
 the department also issued 25 occupation permits -- seven on hong kong island, two in kowloon and 16 in the new territories.
 priority is aimed at strengthening the capacity of the national promotion and protection of the national protection and protection of national protection and protection.
 the age group is about 5 hours per week.
 this phase would lead to a single repayment rate for all other equipment and consumption.
 we must use the use of international law as the most powerful law.
 science and technology in science and technology is changing, and the world is rapidly expanding, and the world is moving towards multipolarization.
 the chinese and western paintings of the western museum of china and the western museum have also started.
 in the past, he was wearing a sense of sensitivity and a sense of colorfulness.
 i have talked about the response to the exploitation of sexual exploitation in west africa.
 but the most fundamental thing is that the angolans themselves truly commitment to peace and national reconciliation.
 china's exporters and investors have increased significantly in the eu.
 there have been little indications of the existence of sexual drugs.
 such seminars were very tired, but i think that this was not a waste of money.
 the outside of brazil's brazilian turtles, fows and rodrots.
 these women have also been subjected to discrimination against different men, or to be slavery in the labour market.
 (a) the economies of more than 50 per cent of their economies are generally developed in general.
 today, saint lucia is the 1 time in history in history.
 in some cases, non-governmental organizations had tried to influence a government.
 this clash is a product of a country that is in a country in other countries.
 recently, some of those who did not have been able to speak.
 however, with the normal life of the people, the possibility of a large number of refugee returns will require continued resources.
 in baghdad, a car bomb attack was attacked by car bombs, killing at least five dead and 19 wounded.
 in the last few months, the police was charged with human rights violations and other irregular acts or criminal acts.
 his election was highlighted by his election, and his personal quality of his personal qualities and him in international affairs.
 as the tourism industry is " people-oriented ", there is no need for these workers, and the whole industry will not survive.
 every 10 cm is to be 173 per centimetres of thread and 133 pairs of thread.
 in order to " lift ".
 at the same time, the department has not been trained to deal with the hawker.
 in the context of non-residential security, the debtor should continue to assume the responsibility and maintenance of the debtors.
 i am confident that these arrangements, especially those relating to legal assistance, will fruit fruit.
 however, we have not seen any meaningful progress.
 in the vicinity, the explosion occurred in the vicinity, but no casualties were caused by the scene.
 the council has also started holding a new " mixed " meeting, which is open to all members of the united nations.
 the democratic republic of the congo stated that all measures have been taken to ensure that it is far from the near future.
 as mentioned above, it was not mentioned in chapter vii of the document.
 i accepted the secretary accepted by the secretary for constitutional affairs that some things were not able to do so.
 equitable wealth is equally important.
 the two vacancies are still to be filled, and the meeting was suspended on the afternoon.
 the carpark centres adjacent to the centre should also be suspended.
 at present, the growth rate of clients portfolios is still stable, and the performance performance of the 500 industrial index is significantly higher.
 many people have to enjoy the convenience of hong kong.
 in mid-july this year, mr lee was visiting my country on behalf of my country who went to japan at the 8 world muscelia.
 the 3 least developed countries will be held in brussels from 14 to 20 may 2001.
 the project is part of the development plan of the ma wan island development plan.
 in accordance with this commitment, france will submit a report to the secretariat as soon as possible.
 the chairperson also stressed the need for the secretariat to be fully involved, including the preparation of background documents, including the preparation of background documents.
 we are fully aware of the importance of the mandate of the commission on human settlements.
 new york, new york-asianet <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> 
 xiao7 is the well-being of well-being, and his girl friend of the girl's friends of ling dang dang did not go into account.
 " the " safety of hong kong's occupational safety management " and a keynote address.
 if you want to ask you, you would like to see you.
 the new advantages of hong kong's new airport is the most advanced and other technical instruments.
 despite the limited financial resources of families in economic difficulties, many small amount can be made available.
 as to the draft articles, the content of the draft articles had been too complex and there was a need to be reduced.
 this is not only because we have to preserve the rule of law because we have to preserve the rule of law, as we want to preserve the international financial center.
 the percentage of resources for the biennium 2002-2003 for the biennium 2002-2003 is table 8.1.
 as the secretary-general has stated, all states need to fulfil their generous commitments as soon as possible.
 of course, this writer does not oppose the employment of women university students.
 at the age of more than 50 years old, it's its personality.
 the israeli occupying forces also discarded the house after the village of the village, resulting in a flat and burned into another.
 members of the above-mentioned symptoms should be advised to consult the doctors as soon as possible to diagnostic diagnosis and governance.
 child prostitution is to take into account the use of remuneration, access or access to the use of children.
 these are not good achievements.
 at the same time, the year-on-year rate of orders for the metal products industry increased further by 2<unk>.
 it is equally important that the african countries are facing a serious external debt problem, which accounts for 1<unk>3 of these countries.
 when many hours of debates and years have taken into account, we are now returning to the first point.
 the economic and social council has set up 14 panels of experts and members of its membership, rather than the country.
 as for the expert unit, the special administrative unit has been providing more in-depth tactical training.
 the whole project was completed in autumn of 2006.
 south-south cooperation should not be seen as a substitute for the north-south cooperation and should be seen as it complemented.
 investigations by special investigation team, traffic, new territories south, are proceeding.
 the network of family relations is being collapsed, and there are many changes in the traditional family structure.
 to ensure that the quality of chinese language textbooks are available, it has set up chinese textbooks for chinese textbooks.
 as a result, it is best to do business. "
 some of them are said to have been wounded.
 while the delegation of ethiopia appreciates unctad's role in this field, the panellistlistlistlists were just a few questions, without providing solutions.
 the united nations military contingent will assist those who might wish to interfere with the democratization process.
 however, there is a need to look at trade, health and management, which must be seen on the basis of such policies.
 however, it was reported that a person had been transferred to the hospital where he had been transferred to it.
 in order to avoid financed financial resources, the electoral campaigns should be able to obtain public funding, and the cost of electoral activities should be controlled and maintained.
 it is expected to be completed in 2000, which will provide background information and practice for the right to development of the right to development.
 i did not expect that he has experienced numerous waves of waves over the past.
 the chairman of the small and medium-sized enterprises (smes), chairman of the small and medium-sized enterprises (smes), was presented to the chief executive to the chief executive this morning.
 asianet daily summary-press releases daily for tuesday, november 20, 2001.
 as a result of history, the size of the new territories has only been constrained by collective officials.
 we welcome the development of these areas. "
 if we do not want to make it clear, " if you don't want " you 're ", you 've just told it. "
 prior to may 1998, the indonesian security forces in iraq seemed to be an act of sexual violence in iraq, regardless of the authorities or local people.
 please watch the 5 series of new zealand's new zealand's new zealand, and innovative new zealand's new zealand.
 the adoption of new mergers adopted by the commission on 18 june 1998 included the relevant provisions of resolution 111 (1998).
 15. during the experiments, it was suggested that an impact on the part of the pre-degreements, which had been proposed in the experimental system.
 a number of programmes on this seminar were broadcast on the public awareness of this issue.
 if a person is 65 years old, there is a minimum wage for employment and earning more than minimum wages.
 in general, this information would not be disclosed.
 mr ching ching-ming has always been dedicated to the achievement of the law.
 the special rapporteur requested the competent agencies to conduct a review by the highest international standards of the highest international standards.
 " the labour department will seek the search for suitable vacancies and assist them in the search for suitable vacancies. "
 since china has recently joined the world trade organization and the 2008 olympic games, this cooperation will also be held in beijing.
 recently, a academic scholar from the mainland and hong kong university of hong kong came from the mainland.
 as a whole, the existing system has played a balance of checks and balances.
 he said that, if someone was theft, then he would also guarantee the safety of thousands of people.
 the kosovo serbs have participated in the elections and highlights the importance of the importance of self-government.
 the mark is the headquarters of the ruf headquarters.
 to date, the " taipei dignity " signboard is now on the new agenda for new paintings.
 the spokesman said: " it's entirely unreasonable, " said official said: "
 born in new zealand, rice in 1944 was born in new zealand, pakttt, and the australian university of australia.
 there are two chickens in the traditional market.
 details of the proposal, both english and english, will be put up at a notice near the site of the site.
 because the dpp has a new democratic progressive party.
 in the manufacturing sector, it is indeed a lot of staff choices.
 the claimants for export credit guarantees for exporters and contractors.
 with the help of non-governmental organizations, the government has established plans to implement the implementation of the national plan for action in various areas.
 the committee recommends that more attention be paid to the accuracy of the estimates.
 according to the act of health, the territory of estonia has the right to receive medical treatment (art. 5).
 the european union considers that the lusaka agreement was the most viable basis for the resolution of the conflict.
 the national daily also quoted economists of the world bank's bangkok office, " nobody knows how many of the costs. "
 the present festival is issued by zhou enlai's zhou enlai, and the people's people's people's publishing publishing publishing publication was published.
 madam president, today, the secretary michael suen's secretary is the " foods ", and we don't stop anyway.
 next, i might say some of the more open atmosphere.
 the text contained in the annex contains the comments of the statute of the international court of justice in the annex.
 after the performance of the performance, the response of the audience to the staff and staff of the public.
 i can also refer some examples to some instances that some of those suffering from the hospital authority have been rejected by the hospital authority.
 it is necessary for any amendment to be amended to reflect the latest development proposals of the kowloon market.
 actually, i all came to chongqing.
 the panel is supporting its support to ensure gender issues in the 2001 census in 2001.
 she enjoys the highest moral and moral character that she enjoys civil rights.
 all concerned departments will be involved in a variety of activities which involve a variety of activities to prevent the victims of the victims.
 with regard to the obligation of the state party, the committee noted that, in some instances, the report would mention the current situation in other countries.
 it is estimated that, in general, 100 fighters per hour of fighters can receive some 15000 small arms per hour.
 secondly, the reduction in the situation was reduced.
 we shall first act on the draft resolution on economic and other activities affecting the interests of the non-self-governing territories.
 the defendant pleaded guilty to his daughter.
 in addition, there has been no cash in the current financial reserve for peacekeeping.
 my delegation also thanked the under-secretary-general for education and the special representative of the secretary-general for his briefing this morning.
 the decline in developing countries in the developing countries is likely to trigger financial instability.
 a international seminar was held on 24 and 25 june 1998 with the government of the czech republic.
 as a result of the transfer of banking licences, the number of banks in hong kong remained unchanged at 177.
 this was mainly attributed to a number of countries that have been achieved in the past 5 years.
 the new phenomenon of aids is suffering from children and orphans and orphans suffering from children and children.
 during the briefing by the council in january this year, mr. sergio de mello, mr. sergio de mello, proposed to strengthen the efficiency of the civilian police.
 the assessment of our assessment is that the conditions for return to sierra leone or liberia are now non-existent.
 young people account for some 19 per cent of africa's population growth rate, according to the current population growth rate of africa.
 at the same time, the situation in hong kong and some developed countries, such as thailand, china, indonesia, indonesia, korea and india.
 a typical consumer in the united states has to spend more than 1 000 000 advertisements in a typical consumer life of the united states.
 i think it is important to bear in mind that the humanitarian situation in iraq must be forgotten.
 this is a reflection of the theme of the kind.
 the office of the internal oversight services department urges the department to assist the department of disarmament to help the emergence of a financial commitment of the member states.
 our financial condition is not good than the british, so it is absolutely necessary to do so.
 the last picture of laden's image was lasted at the end of 2004, but his deputy, in his his al-zai, has been frequent.
 the 4 field is the establishment of national institutions based on the rule of law.
 the bureau has set up the working group on the government's government to set up a working group on the government's proposal to reduce the scheme.
 mr martin lee said that the government did not respond to this matter. "
 when he was the day before the performance of the performance, he was playing a simple picture with the elders.
 the gross surplus of the business industry accounted for 17.2<unk> of the total receipts, representing a percentage point lower than in 1995.
 in post-conflict post-conflict societies, children need to be held in society and children need to take care of care.
 the bosnian serb forces have escalation of military attacks on civilian targets, and there are casualties every day.
 a spokesman for the department said that during the next two weeks, a total of 50400 visits were completed in the next two weeks.
 the chickens were sent to the market prior to the market, " " the spokesman said.
 he said that the secretariat hoped that the executive board would continue to provide guidance on these practices.
 the demilitarized zone of the demilitarized demilitarized zone is about 240 kilometres to iraq and 5 kilometres to kuwait.
 more than 70 per cent of all children working in family services are girls.
 as a result, there was a number of measures to ensure that the needs of women prisoners are met.
 consolidation of the regime established by the treaty for the prohibition of nuclear weapons in latin america and the caribbean (treaty of tlatelolco).
 taiwan's 1 point in taiwan is also because of the war.
 the central meteorological station is expected to affect other parts of china.
 this section reviewed the reasons why the right to food could be left before the court.
 at the end of the 19 century, the cattle was a white ball to taiwan.
 criminal law and criminal procedures have been revised in order to empower the national legal system.
 appropriate legal sanctions would be possible to facilitate the implementation of appropriate legal sanctions against persons who are engaged in weapons of arms.
 the government and the business sector with the business sector has been a series of activities aimed at consolidating the confidence of hong kong's confidence in hong kong.
 however, the armed forces are too large and the federal budget cannot be maintained.
 at the dinner of the dinner, the hong kong ballet ballets of hong kong ballets will be displayed at the ceremony.
 speaking at the opening ceremony of the event, the director of home affairs, mr joseph tsang, said: " all along, hong kong is a immigrant society.
 on 30 may, a new fighting took place with the taliban forces in the north-west of al-bulla, the taliban forces in the north-west.
 a large quantity of data available in computer systems are easy, and also triggered and other related problems.
 this document will be included in a voluntary list of members of the asean regional forum, stating that there are major developments in the security situation, as well as to them.
 every day, soldiers said that that day, the soldiers said that the same day would be returned.
 " the more successful implementation of the mpf system and the overall burden of the community. "
 the committee was informed that the replacement of the vehicle comes from the united nations assistance mission from rwanda and the use of these vehicles.
 on the contrary, they often look on the people of the people as the enemy, and therefore, the people are uncomfortable.
 the railway system is an integral part of the hong kong railway system.
 under the provisions of the convention, it was recognized that troop-contributing countries were important partners in peacekeeping operations.
 i think this will be very well-known.
 through this election, china is fully aware of the introduction of hong kong's assets.
 it appears that, despite the intention of the author's intention to use this procedure, they did not use it.
 it is, therefore, not to go into the new areas where others do not want to enter into new areas. "
 after the assessment, the results will be issued in july.
 johnson's works are over half a century ago.
 however, madam president, the bill today has a great doubt today that the bill will be implemented within the transitional period.
 after he arrived at los angeles on february 3, sha tsui was arrested on february 3.
 the financial secretary, mr antony leung, presented the vision of the hong kong economic outlook for 2003 and future.
 economy also highly dependent on energy resources, particularly natural gas production and processing.
 some experts indicated that statistics have not been fully reflected in the size of the problem.
 therefore, we have to choose different types of bricks in different regions.
 since 1978, the exchange rate system has been a long-standing chaos of the economic reform and reform of china.
 the bishkek group has been set up in the context of the shanghai forum.
 at the same time, the united nations must also recognize that the fundamental base has changed.
 we will continue to advise the young people's young people, and cannabis has a negative impact on health.
 some of the results are as follows: in addition to religious books, there are few women in the social studies, mathematics, mathematics, and reading.
 the total revenue of $ 10200000 is $ 102025500, representing a total income of $ 825000, representing a total of 24<unk> over a year earlier.
 these provisions should be used by the chinese side.
 non-military items carried out by historical costs in other currencies are equivalent to the united nations operational exchange rate of other currencies.
 we also believe that the rapid establishment of the international criminal court is a fundamental approach to respect for international law and human rights.
 in addition, we have more than two years in hong kong. "
 in the wake of the incident, i am aware that the doctor's doctor has expressed dissatisfaction with the parties concerned.
 " to reflect the latest land use proposals for the north-east lantau port, the spokesman said.
 this has forced bilateral negotiations on this stage.
 to that end, member states must have their assessed contributions in full and unconditionally and without legal obligations.
 information kept in the central register of establishments is updated on a quarterly basis. updated information in respect of the 2 quarter of 1999 is now available.
 for the half of the century, human beings live in a dangerous nuclear danger.
 he said that in order to address these problems, the commission was established by a cabinet headed by the prime minister.
 it would be necessary for the time to be ready for the period 2003-04, the longer the time is to be done.
 there are no other groups that have been taken away.
 the gravity of the act is comparable to a serious violation of the geneva conventions.
 2. as a summary of the financial statements, an important account of the financial statements is contained in the financial statements.
 among them, there will be heavy rain in some places in the southern part of southern yunnan.
 on behalf of the government and the people of the comoros and the people of the government of israel, i would like to express their condolences to the palestinian government.
 undp has not yet been able to contribute to the full plan of the undp structure of undp.
 the bureau of the bureau was elected as vice-chairman, as vice-presidents, by the presidency of mali, and ukraine.
 ohchr will promote the right to development on the right to development in relation to poverty, plans, policies and operational activities.
 the vocational training council has an average of about 70 examinations on average, which can accommodate about 3 000 candidates.
 after the arrival of the culprit, the victim went to the employers who had been able to disclose the incident.
 the administration has declared today a day today.
 in the 3 phases, for example, in the 3 phases, they were very late.
 " it is important that the peace process should continue and should be able to work and employment.
 the printing volume has been reduced by 30 per cent.
